h1. Movable Ink Facebook Testbed

h2. Introduction

This is a very rudimentary e-commerce site that serves as an example for how to integrate Movable Ink for social recommendations in email.  It contains Users who can purchase Products.  Each product has a capture page that can be rendered using a Movable Ink Web Crop.  The capture page takes a Facebook ID and shows which of that Facebook user's friends have "purchased" the product.

h2. Getting Started

First, create or use an existing app on Facebook. (http://developers.facebook.com)  Go into your app's Advanced Settings and enable 'Remove offline access permission'.  This will keep your auth tokens active for 60 days instead of 2 hours.

Next, in your shell, set your environment variables OMNIAUTH_PROVIDER_KEY and OMNIAUTH_PROVIDER_SECRET to your Facebook app credentials.  Alternatively, you can modify config/initializers/omniauth.rb to set the values directly.

Then run `bin/rake db:migrate` to set up the database.

Then run `bin/rails server` to start the server.  It should run on port 3000 by default.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

Built by Michael Nutt <michael@movableink.com> for Movable Ink.

h2. License

Licensed under the MIT License.
